Carter:

He saw her in the moonlight, her body glistened and sparkled as the wind passed around her. Her dark hair and red lipstick stood out from the white lab coat she wore. She turned away from the ocean waves to look up at him and smiled, and began calling out. The wind was fierce, and it took her words away, he couldn’t make out what she was saying. A distant female voice caught her attention, causing her to take a step closer to the cliffs edge. But with a wind that strong, something was bound to go wrong. He realised too late that she had lost her balance, and was tipping over the edge. Chel was falling.

Carter woke with a start, violently sitting upright and consequently banging his head on the transport vehicle he had fallen asleep under. Back on the floor he swore and muttered to himself, rubbing a now growing lump on his head. He was lying on his garage floor, one fulled to the brim with different bits of vehicles, tools and machinery. He had worked on machines of all sorts for most his life, opening the shop 20 years ago. The surrounding aroma of dust, oil and steel would let even a blind man guess with accuracy that this was a mechanics haven.

This wasn’t the first time he had dreamed about her. The dreams were always so vivid, and no matter the situation he could never reach her in time. He missed her greatly, and his subconscious played on that fact. Groaning he scratched at his beard, badly in need of a shave. He noticed that he was now lying in a newly formed puddle of oil dripping from the pipe his head came into contact with. Grabbing his wrench and reaching up, he secured the pipe back into place. With that done, the engine was complete. Time for coffee.

Carter dragged himself out from under the engine, and with much protest from his stiff body, heaved himself upright into a standing position. He passed by the desk toward the main house, hooking up his wrench and toolbelt to their corresponding designated areas along the wall. He paused at the bathroom in the garage to wash off the oil splashed on him, and gage the damage caused to his head. Looking in the mirror, the lump wasn’t as bad as he expected, about a centimeter in diameter with a slight reddish tinge. “Still hurt though” he thought to himself as he wandered out to the main house, and into the kitchen.

While setting up his coffee, he took a peek outside to try estimate how long he had been asleep for. Previously the sun had been in the sky, now it was pitch black. He sighed, it must have been quite some time, then he noticed a face against his window peering in with a wickedly large smile and he jumped. “Dammit Rupert, just knock would you?!?” Rupert continued smiling, and moved around to the front door. *Tap Ta-Tap Tap* Carter rolled his eyes “Just let yourself in”. Rupert opened the door with his usual over the top flair, before ducking his head down to pass through the relatively short doorway, closing the door quietly behind him.

Carter placed a coffee onto the table for Rupert, already sipping his own and slumped down into his chair letting out a loud sigh. “As graceful as ever I see” said Rupert, casting a questioning eye over Carter’s oil stained clothes and the red lump on his head. Carter just grunted back, acknowledging that this grimy state wasn’t out of the norm for him. “Been a while since you’ve visited the shop, keen on joining in with me and getting those hand of yours dirty again?” Carter said with a smile. Rupert was visibly repulsed by memories of oil and grease staining his hands and clothing. “I am quite glad to say, that is not the matter I have come to discuss”.

Rupert took a quick sip of the coffee in front of him, before pulling a sour face and deciding that one sip was enough, pushing it far away to the other side of the table. “What brings you here then?” Carter said, picking up and dumping the remainder of Rupert’s coffee into his own mug. “I was told to ask for your help regarding A.R.I…” Carter choked, coffee splattering across the table and lightly spraying Rupert’s clean gray suit.

“What? You want me to look at an AI? You know how much I dislike that fancy artificial nonsense.” Carter snorted, coffee dribbling down his beard. He leaned over and grabbed a paper towel off the bench handing a bit to Rupert, then ripping off some for himself to wipe his face. “I know it clearly must come as a surprise to you, but I have been told if anything were to happen with A.R.I that is out of the ordinary, I was to come see you.” Rupert said, fruitlessly dabbing at his now “not-so-gray” suit with the paper towel he had been given.

“I don’t know which idiot told you I can help with an AI, especially something as advanced as A.R.I. You know yourself that I have no clue or even an interest in those things.” Carter was up and rifling through the pantry now looking for the biscuit tin. “I had been told to see you by Chel” Rupert watched Carter abruptly stop moving upon hearing his wife’s name. After a long pause, Carter turned around, eyes watering slightly. He walked slowly back to the table, handing the biscuit tin to Rupert and sitting down. Of course the AI she had been working on would have been A.R.I.

“Why do you need my help?” He asked, but he knew his wife would have had a good reason. “Chel explained that even though you don’t know anything of coding or the technology side, you knew how she thinks, and by interacting with it would know how A.R.I has been put together” Carter groaned. He really didn’t want to have anything to do with this, but if his wife thought he could be helpful he might as well give it a go for her sake. Rupert knew not to expect much from him when it came to AI.

“I will take that as a yes you will help then”. Rupert said, pulling an afghan from the biscuit tin, satisfied now the conversation was done with, and glad to clear out the taste of  sour coffee from his mouth. Carter nodded, reaching for a snickerdoodle. “Not for free, but yesh I will dough whaft I can.” He said through a large mouthful of cookie dough. “Of course Carter, I will make sure you are paid properly”.

Rupert smiled, it had been quite a long time since he had been working here with Carter, but sitting at the table again where he and Carter had shared many conversations before, some things really do never change. It did feel more empty now though without Chel. He looked across the table to the empty chair she used to sit at with them. Bringing her up had left a worse taste in his mouth then the coffee, especially after seeing Carters reaction.

The two continued chatting, just catching up. Rupert brought up the new place he was now living in, and how he no longer needed to plan his meals, as his kitchen would communicate with his personal AI bot to automatically cook for him. Carter then enthusiastically recounted a story from a couple weeks back when he found a gigantic slug he had found under one of the machines he was working on.

After two hours or so of this, Rupert got up and slipped his jacket back on as he needed to head back home. “Thankyou for having me Carter, and for agreeing to help out. We can meet up at that new Bio-Cafe just round the corner at nine tomorrow”. Carter nodded “Yeah yeah, I will see you then no worries”. Carter said opening the door for him to walk through.

Rupert chuckled to himself as he ducked down again to walk out the door, waving back to the shop on his way out, knowing full well Carter would be late.

