Just reading through this, I guess I don't want it to be completely feel good. In my head, the corrupt government will remain, the people already know what is happening and accept it as long as they can keep living there, and instead the ending is about Rae, Carter, LaN and Rupert learning the the Original AI was destroyed by Asher years ago. Only some of it's sub protocols have continued to run, but it's original sentience was lost. Asher has been eating away at it's remanents for decades, slowly withering what remains away. In the last confrontation, Asher explains what the original AI did to the original humans, and how it recreated humanity anew. Asher is the face of corruption and the evil of humanity, but as it dies it accepts that even after decades, it was not able to do anything beneficial, and concedes to the fact it also should not be in control of the new humans. With Asher destroyed, the government officials will no longer have Asher's guidance under the false pretence that it was the original ai and they too will fall on their own, making way for a more free humanity. Rae, Rupert, Carter and LaN all decide to move on, and away from the main city, having had enough of it all. Carter, having been on the outskirts numerous times, knows of other towns, and rumours of other cities as well they could venture toward. A.R.I. in her new humanoid body, joins as well as some others they have met on their journey. The end then becomes that of acceptance and hope for the future.

